This nanodegree program consists of four courses,
lidar, camera, radar, and Kalman filters.
In the lidar project,
you'll learn how to work with point clouds,
which is the data representation that lidar units provide.
You'll learn how to segment point Clouds and how to
cluster points within a point Cloud in order to detect objects.
In the camera course,
you'll learn how to detect objects using camera images.
You'll also learn how to fuse that data together with
a lidar point Cloud data by projecting lidar point Cloud data into the camera image.
In the radar course,
you'll learn about both the physics in design of radar systems.
In particular, you'll learn about frequency
modulated continuous wave radar systems and how
to apply signal processing like fast fourier transforms,
to the data that comes back from these systems.
You'll learn about the doppler effect and how that allows
us to infer velocity from radar data,
and about CFAR, constant false alarm rate and clustering,
which are two different techniques that help us to identify objects from radar data.
In the Kalman filters course,
you'll learn how to fuse together data from a wide variety of sensor modalities,
Kalman filters are a probabilistic tracking tool that utilize a measurement update cycle,
in which we first take measurements and then
update our beliefs about the world using those measurements,
and then we repeat that cycle,
measurement update, measurement update.
You'll also learn how to extend Kalman filters into
extended Kalman filters and how to build unscented Kalman filters.
Both of these two tools are extensions of
a vanilla Kalman filter that help account for nonlinear motion data.